Revised plan

Phase 0: Dataset selection, we will appropriately select the 2 best datasets on the basis of ease of training (lower compute, faster training, etc.)

Phase 1: Problem Statement 1: design or modify CNN model to perform classification on the selected datasets, we will make our design such that it is suited for the dataset, can train fast, and give respectable accuracy. (Phase 1A, Phase 1B)

Phase 2: Problem Statement 2: Data-level techniques (all of them) vs Algorithm-level techniques (all of them), comparison

Phase 3: Problem Statement 3: Comparative Architecture Analysis: we will select 2 models which will train faster and use less compute but also has respectable accuracy

Phase 4: Problem Statement 4: Loss Functions Challenge: test the 5 given loss functions and compare

Phase 5: Problem Statement 4: Optimization Challenge: test the 5 given optimizers and compare (set loss function to whatever was best in Phase 4)

Phase 6: Problem Statement 5: Feature Representation & Visualization

Phase 7: Problem Statement 6: Generalization & Transferability Test

Phase 8: Problem Statement 7: Error Analysis & Improvement Proposals

Phase 9: Conclusion? Summary?

Note: Each phase will be done like twice since we need to do on 2 datasets, so like for example phase 4 part 1 will be done on dataset a, phase 4 part 2 will be done on dataset b, like, parallel.

Any issues with this plan? Is this good? A plan must have both yours and my seal of approval before we proceed.

1. easy-to-read and understand, as many functions, abstractions, appropriate naming conventions etc as required. Should almost read like a pseudo-code. Human readable. Something a non-programming-expert should also be able to understand.

2. NO COMMENTS AND NO DOCSTRINGS.

3. No using phase terminology, if __name__=="__main__", and keeping the main code under a function.

4. Provide each class and function in its own code cell

5. minimize the number of new functions you define, we will reuse previously defined classes and functions if possible